doc: Updates table formatting and migration guides (#3076)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide.md

**Objective**: This guide explains how to replace the `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource with the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource. The data source(s) migration only requires [output changes](#output-changes) as data sources only read clusters.

## Best Practices Before Migrating

Before doing any migration create a backup of your [Terraform state file](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/state).

> ## Migration using Moved block (preferred)

Reviewer: @lantoli I think this section is now "too high" :) It should go right before 

```
## Migration using `terraform plan -generate-config-out=adv_cluster.tf`
```

otherwise it's hard to follow

Reviewer: Also in the section 

```
## Migration using `terraform plan -generate-config-out=adv_cluster.tf`
``` (line 119)

we should re-emphasise that `moved` is recommended. In addition we should also say that if they are moving they with that guide our recommendation is to do it following the latest schema (hence use the ENV VAR)

Reviewer 2: position updated here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3076/commits/fb8905342c7a8197506c7c41bbeac4d840e3464c

Reviewer 2: added more emphasis here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3076/commits/0a1574d578d798e8d0e569816fd702cc16bacc39

- Comment out or delete the `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource definition.
- Add the `moved` block to your configuration file, e.g.:
```terraform
moved {
  from = mongodbatlas_cluster.this
  to   = mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster.this
}
```
- Run `terraform plan` and make sure that there are no planned changes, only the moved should be shown. **Important**: Don't apply until planning shows only the moved changes. If it shows other changes, you will need to keep updating the `mongodb_atlas_advanced_cluster` configuration until it matches the original `mongodbatlas_cluster` configuration.
- Run `terraform apply` to apply the changes. The `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource will be removed from the Terraform state and the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource will be added.
- At this moment you can delete the `moved` block from your configuration file, although it's recommended to keep it to help track the migrations.

You can find full-detailed examples in [migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/tree/master/examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster).

> ## Manual migration

Reviewer 3: nit: This section feels a little disconnected as I am not clear what part of the migration is manual. Does this refer to manual config changes? Maybe you can state this would be an alternative to using the CLI, and moved or remove/import can still be used for state manipulation.

Reviewer 2: i've changed to the original format, can you review the latest changes again and see if it's fine?

- Run `terraform apply` to apply the changes. The `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource will be removed from the Terraform state and the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource will be added.
- At this moment you can delete the `moved` block from your configuration file, although it's recommended to keep it to help track the migrations.

You can find full-detailed examples in [migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/tree/master/examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster).

## Migration using `terraform plan -generate-config-out=adv_cluster.tf`

This method uses only [Terraform native tools](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import/generating-configuration) and is ideal if you:
1. Have an existing cluster without any Terraform configuration and want to manage your cluster with Terraform.
2. Have existing `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource(s) and don't want to use an external script for migrating.

> **Note**: We recommend the `moved block` method as it's more convenient and less error-prone. If you continue with this method, you can still use the Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2 by setting the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: We recommend the `moved block` method as it's more convenient and less error-prone. If you continue with this method, you should still use the Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2 by setting the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true` to avoid having to migrate again in the future.
```
